docs: Document Hackathon in Sofia 2025-07 (#10)
gardener-community/hackathon: 2025-07_Sofia/README.md

# Hack The Garden 07/2025 Wrap Up

> ![Group picture of the 7th Hack the Garden event in Schelklingen](./group-picture.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Group picture of the July Hackathon event in Sofia](./group-picture.png)
```

# Hack The Garden Sofia Edition 07/2025 Wrap Up

![Group picture of the Hack the Garden Sofia Edition event](./group-picture.png)

<hr />

## 🛡️ Viewer kubeconfigs expose requestor's identity (potential privilege leak)

**Problem Statement:**
Viewer kubeconfigs currently include the requestor's username, which can unintentionally grant elevated privileges in the Shoot cluster. We should revisit how identities are issued and anonymize or restrict viewer credentials.

**Motivation/Benefits:**
🙅 Prevent unintended privilege escalation from read-only permissions due to unwanted impersonation (username clash in different identities)
🛡️ Use dedicate user groups to distinguish different personas (project vs system administrators and viewers)

**Achievements:**
* Avoid unwanted impersonation eventually causing privilege escalation by adding randomly generated prefix to the username in the kubeconfig's client certificate issued by the `shoots/adminkubeconfig` and `shoots/viewerkubeconfig` subresources.

**Next Steps:**
* Finalize groups segregation by role (project vs system administrators and viewers).

**Code/Pull Requests:**

> https://github.com/gardener/gardener/pull/12597

Reviewer 2: The other PRs are not opened and can be referred from here.

```suggestion
https://github.com/gardener/gardener/pull/12597
https://github.com/gardener/gardener/pull/12673
https://github.com/gardener/gardener/pull/12674
```
